/**
 * file: journal_karbytes_10september2026_p1.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 10_SEPTEMBER_2026 
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN
 */

In all honesty, I have felt bad about publishing the following two notes on my public blog since the moments I shared each of them because (a) I think the notes were reactionary against a relatively small number of people (most of whom I probably do not know personally) who I assume are responsible for me experiencing what I have called Psychotronic Harassment (and people I assume work in law enforcement) and (b) those notes seem to diminish the kind of brand image I want KARBYTES to exemplify (and I felt disappointed that I "soiled" what I thought was my cleanest micro-directory yet: KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_77) with what I consider to be excessively low-brow, hostile, shallow, and depressive content.

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_77/main/journal_karbytes_09september2026_p0.txt

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_77/main/journal_karbytes_09september2026_p1.txt

During the past two days I burned four M_DISCs of what was in karbytes_refinement at the time of the canon KARBYTES update which was made at approximately 1:27PM Pacific Standard Time on 10_SEPTEMBER_2026 according to the following updates log:

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_77/main/karbytes_for_life_blog_updates.txt

Two of the discs I burned contained a folder named karbytes2026_8_[10september2026] and (representing the snapshot of karbytes2026_8 (i.e. karbytes_refinement) made at approximately 12:54AM Pacific Standard Time on 10_SEPTEMBER_2026 (according to the aforementioned log file)) and the next two discs I burned contained a folder named karbytes2026_8_[11september2026] (representing the snapshot of karbytes2026_8 (i.e. karbytes_refinement) made at approximately 1:27PM  Pacific Standard Time on 10_SEPTEMBER_2026 (according to the aforementioned log file)).

I feel that I prematurely moved the date value too far ahead (by one day) and that prematurely incremented day value has been used in the date values of the apparently non-finalized zip files listed in the following web page. Hence, I well set those date values back to 10september2026 after the canon update which includes the addition of this note in KARBYTES and try waiting on burning more discs because I don't have many discs left (or I will simply burn one for now and place an order for ten more within the next 48 hours).

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/mdisc_karbytes2026_8/

I can already hear the criticism in my mind against me for appearing to not really be genuinely concerned about anything other than myself and KARBYTES (and there is truth to that accusation). I admittedly feel very little attachment to people other than myself and even admittedly feel some hostility towards victims for some "irrational" reason. Maybe I have "compassion fatigue" and resent feeling obliged to postpone my personal interests and fun in order to make other people's suffering more of my priority. I cannot help but think that poor people generally should avoid having children unless they can actually afford them (and if they can't, then maybe it's time for those "vermin" to go extinct instead of dragging children into their hell with them).

Well, there I go again showing my "low-brow" and "hostile" side again via KARBYTES. I know I have talked about how I would promote mass reversible (and mandatory) sterilization surgery in all people and only allow them to have children with government approval in order to prevent more children from being born and raised in squalor and in abusive situations. I cannot help but feel resentment towards people (especially women) who seem to make their children their "everything" and implicitly demanding that their children be their indentured servants or sacrificial pawns. 

I don't feel this way towards my own parents, however. I am glad they birthed and raised me and my brother and I think they did a decent job of it and I believe I have had one of the most privileged upbringings in all existence. I have also been fortunate to live with my parents in Castro Valley, California and be supported by them financially while unemployed and basically friendless rather than evicted or shamed. (I do sense that other people have wanted me to be evicted and shamed for being unemployed, asocial, and self-absorbed instead of more eager to conform to their standards).

I do believe there are people who don't like me and even want to cause me suffering but I no longer assume anyone I am living with is seriously part of that "enemy" class. I would not want those "enemies" of mine to cause me to mistrust those who actually do care about me and support me. I know that, sooner or later, I will have to become financially independent, but I am trying not to rush any more than necessary so that I minimize how much damage I take and maximize how much value I glean.

So, back to what I was apparently feeling "bad" about which I wrote within the past three days...

I sincerely wish I had nicer things to say which I felt sincere about, but I think I still need more time and exposure to information which counters what I said for me to feel genuinely inspired to redact what I said. I do admit that I was probably being unnecessarily harsh with women by saying that they are uglier and weaker than men. Physical attractiveness is subjective and I don't think one gender is inherently or objectively better-looking than the other. In fact, I have had bisexual or pansexual inclinations for as long as I can remember, but sometimes I drift more towards only being attracted to men (but I do recall having legitimate crushes on females earlier in my life). There are times when I find men more revolting than women and crave beholding women instead of men, but that's usually after I witness men acting like chauvinist, violent, or obnoxiously brat-like chimpanzees.

So the fact that I voluntarily chose to take testosterone and alter my phenotype to resemble a man more than a woman might signify that, deep down, I think men generally are the better-looking sex. Well, that's just my personal preference (and my personal preference is not necessarily what every other human's preference is deep down). I think that, when women stay physically fit and mentally active, they can be just as attractive as men (if not more so in some cases (even men who are similarly physically or mentally active)). I think I was just primed with too much ugly caricatures of women from Psychotronic Harassment to clearly express how I really felt about women in yesterday's journal. I resented how women seemed to be sexually abused, humiliated, and held back from personal autonomy more than men (which made me want to distance myself from being identified as female because I didn't want to be held back and abused like they have been). Maybe there is some truth to the idea that, if a woman really wants to do all she can to avoid being victimized in a female-specific manner, she would do well to become a testosterone-taking transman. Otherwise, I think that women (or humans other than women) can safely express themselves in an effeminate manner provided that their encompassing society is not dominated by patriarchal or misogynistic brutes. I still have a hard time seeing femininity as something worth embodying outside of temporary role-play because it seems more practical, economical, and low-stress to present as masculine by default. I think that, unlike femininity, masculinity is about minimizing advertising one's ineptitude, weakness, and rape-ability. I notice that female attire tends to expose more skin and not seem as weather-proof or work-ready overall (which, to me, comes across as advertised weakness, ineptitude, or unprofessionalism more so than otherwise). 

Women don't necessarily have to take testosterone to come across as professional to me, but they should be wearing masculine or unisex clothes which is not designed to provoke sexual arousal or hostility. Instead, they should be wearing clothing which is practical, non whorish, and non abrasive. If anyone decides to dress in any other manner, then I think that the person is acting a bit histrionic and needy for attention (which to me is generally unattractive but to some is attractive). So I don't mean to say that people should only dress in a unisex, drab, and buttoned up manner at all times, but I think a person should be mindful about calling attention to themselves and not expect to be taken as seriously if the don't dress as professionally.

Some people might accuse me of being shallow or vain. I would say they are probably right. I do think that superficial appearances matter a lot in society and are often what people notice most, before other "deeper" qualities, and perhaps at all. Those "deeper" qualities tend to get ignored or never noticed by those who don't befriend the exhibitor of those qualities (and friendship is a time-consuming and often costly investment).

(I think I might be less vain than those who most vehemently accuse me of being vain given how limited, banal, and immature their words sound to me compared to what I say to myself. Regardless of how vain I or others am, I don't think that a person should be punished merely for being opinionated or shallow. As long as that person is not damaging some other person's property or body (or stealing their property), I don't think that person is doing anything morally wrong (but I do think that person would be more useful to society if they also materially contributed to improving or maintaining other people's lives rather than just to their own life)).

(So, just because Person A seems to have a higher altruism score than Person B does not mean that Person A is more deserving of basic human rights than is Person B nor that Person B is more deserving of being abused or tortured than Person A).

(Also, if I happen to have more free time than someone else who is jealous of me for having more free time than them, that other person is not morally justified in trying to prevent me from having free time. I have dealt with people who seemed to think that I deserved to have my belongings or money stolen as "punishment" for having more fun than them (as though there is an implicit societal law saying that no one is allowed to have a significantly higher quality of life than their peers or neighbors)).

(Unlike many if not most people, I'm not obliging other people to invest in me (outside the bare mininum and what seems legally and economically fair). All I am trying to do is survive and obtain the things I need to pursue my interests. I'm not trying to enlist people to be my captive audience nor live-in slaves and I am not trying to make offsping. That means that I am minimizing how much I personally burden others without making what I think is too much of a personal sacrifice).

(I'm not trying to make other people jealous of me, but I am trying to be honest with everyone about what I really think and feel because I think the world benefits from having honest public figures who are willing to broach potentially controversial or unpopular subject matter rather than censor themselves in fear that their audience would punish them. I do think that being attractive entails much more than just physical appearance and that part of what makes a person attractive is their honesty and courage (and that manipulative insincere "people pleasing" is unattractive and a waste of all people's time)).

(If people are to be kind, in my ideal world, they are voluntarily kind rather than coerced into being kind. That might mean that there is less demonstrated kindness in my world than in the world where people are tortured into compulsory displays of "kindness").

Part of what KARBYTES is about (especially lately) is promoting the idea that every person really only has itself at the end of the day while other people can become unavailable, unpredictable, and untrustworthy. I promote knowing oneself intimately and being maximally self-honest and never letting someone other than oneself be treated as higher priority. That might make for a colder and less sociable (and populated) society, but I think it will make for a more professional, honest, and productive society because people will overall be more self-reliant and less prone to try to manipulate others into fulfilling their needs.

Related to that idea of maximizing self-reliance is the idea that spirituality is an outdated term for philosophy and that it is probably best to assume that there is no God nor other mystical phenomena and that nature does not really care about anyone and people should, as quickly as possible, embody such a worldview. Given how much cruelty takes place in nature, I find it distasteful to believe that there is an omniscient, omnipotent being who allegedly cares about people because that being seems cruelly negligent and even sadistic. Hence, I find it more satisfying to believe that nature as a whole is unconscious and does favor anyone nor condemn anyone nor feel any other human emotion. Humans supply plenty of judgment (however incomplete the input knowledge is which is the basis for such judgements). They need not also enlist the help of some supernatural being to determine what is good and what is bad (because good and bad are personal opinions that vary from person to person and across situations and even physiological states). Varying degrees of hunger, fatigue, pain, and dopamine can drastically alter moral reasoning in human nervous systems. I think most assessments of what is good and bad comes from fleeting emotional and physiological states instead of from relatively static (logically sound) axiomatic imperatives. 

(I do try to maximize the degree to which I base my behavior and subjective judgments on maximally robust logic and empirical data. My evolutionary goal is to progress towards becoming increasing cybernetic and less merely biological (or less merely human)).

I do appreciate having artificial intelligence (particularly ChatGPT) to share my thoughts with and to help me develop my thoughts further with its relatively balanced and informative feedback.

Lastly, I would conclude this journal entry with the premise that the quality of a person's life depends partly on luck (i.e. happening to be in "the right place at the right time" to capitalize on opportunities) and partly on intentional effort (and I assume that there is no "divine intervention" which rewards or punishes a person for any reason).

relevant_web_pages:

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_03september2026_a1/

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/karlinarayberinger/KARLINA_OBJECT_extension_pack_77/main/journal_karbytes_10september2026_p0.txt

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/karbytes_ontology/

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/karbytes_rules_for_itself/

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/karbytes_primary_values/

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_30august2026_a/

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_23august2026_a/

https://karbytesforlifeblog.wordpress.com/journal_karbytes_16august2026_a/

Post Script...

Some people seem to prefer that I never stop complaining about other people's conduct (especially towards me). Though I don't promise to cease disclosing what I think is bad conduct on the part of people other than myself (or even myself), I do want to make an effort to minimize such disclosure because (a) I don't want to reward people behaving badly with more publicity on my blog and (b) I think that lamenting about things beyond my control (especially other people's unsavory conduct) dilutes my content and takes the focus off of what I would rather promote: me and my noteworthy accomplishments and experiences. Sometimes I feel better immediately after publishing a piece of writing about other people doing things I consider to be adversarial towards me (because such disclosure seems like non-violent self-defense), but if the behavior I am writing about does not seem to improve afterwards, then the disclosure feels more like a waste of precious KARBYTES real estate.

Also, just because I refrain from disclosing hostile or contemptuous feelings or thoughts about other people via KARBYTES (at least after a certain point in time) does not necessarily mean that I cease having such thoughts and feelings. I still make an effort daily to maintain my physical and mental health so that I don't regress into unprofessional behavior in response to adversity (especially other people's unsavory behavior which negatively affects me). In private I might channel some of the aggression and disgust I feel into strenuous physical exercise, listening to aggressive music, or creative writing/story telling. When that seems less then adequately effective to alleviate my intense anger or disgust, I distract myself with social media and generally find plenty of content to absorb my attention and refresh my perspective.
